Guide About Business Rules Client Lib (#260)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/rest/clients/scp-workflow-rest-api.mdx

### Take Note of API endpoint and OAuth Credentials

> Once the app is bound to the workflow service (here in our example) and app deployment has finished, go to your CF space and navigate to `Services\Instances and Subscriptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the app is bound to the SAP BTP Business Rules service (here in our example) and app deployment has finished, go to your CF space and navigate to `Services\Instances and Subscriptions`.
```

Author: This is in the `scp-workflow-rest-api` documentation, so here the "workflow service" is actually correct.

You should see the service instance you created along with the information that is bound to your application.

> Click on the service instance name, for instance `my-workflow`, in the upcoming screen you should see the headline `Service Instance: my-workflow - Referencing Apps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the service instance name, in our case `my-business-rules`, in the upcoming screen you should see the headline `Service Instance: my-business-rules - Referencing Apps`.
```

Author: Same as above.
